# Dappier Seller MCP Server

This MCP Server has four tools -

1. create-account-and-login: Having an account with Dappier is mandatory to access its tools. This tool creates account for current buyer agent using the KYA token generated by Skyfire. On successful account creation, access token is returned.
2. search-dataset: Access token is mandatory to access this tool. This tool returns the list of datasets matching the input prompt. Each dataset has dataset_id which could be further used in other tools.
3. get-pricing: Access token is mandatory to access this tool. This tool gets pricing for the dataset_id provided.
4. download-dataset: Access token is mandatory to access this tool. Payment should. already be executed and JWT PAY token generated by Skyfire is required. This tool returns the dataset url for the selected dataset_id.

## Getting Started

- Set up Keycloak server: 
Keycloak is the default CIAM being used in this demo.

Steps to be followed for setting up Keycloak:
1. Locally run the [Keycloak server](https://github.com/skyfire-xyz/skyfire-solutions-keycloak-demo/tree/main/custom-token-exchange/keycloak) and visit the [Admin UI Dashboard](http://localhost:8080) 
2. Create a new client
3. Enable token-exchange for client
4. Create custom IdP
   
## Installation

1.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    yarn install
    ```
2. Follow the [Skyfire Platform Setup Guide](https://docs.skyfire.xyz/docs/introduction) to create seller account and seller services.
3. Use the Keycloak Client ID, Client Secret etc details from your newly created Client in env variables in [Dappier MCP Server](https://github.com/skyfire-xyz/skyfire-solutions-keycloak-demo/tree/main/mcp-servers/dappier-seller-server).
4. Set up environment variables:
    Create a `.env` file in the directory. You can copy `.env.example` if one exists, or add the necessary variables manually.

    ```
    # .env
    API_HOST=https://api.skyfire.xyz
    APP_ENV=production
    KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID=<client-id>
    KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET=<client-secret>
    KEYCLOAK_GRANT_TYPE=urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:token-exchange
    KEYCLOAK_SUBJECT_TOKEN_TYPE=urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:jwt
    KEYCLOAK_URL=http://localhost:8080/realms/<realm-name>/protocol/openid-connect/token
    KEYCLOAK_SUBJECT_ISSUER='skyfire-idp-token-exchange'
    SELLER_SKYFIRE_API_KEY=<skyfire-seller-api-key>
    ```

## Run the development server:

```bash
yarn start
```
